Apply for
Customer Service Representative
Contact Information
The name on the account you are currently logged in with is displayed below. If you need to make changes to your name, please go to the My Presence page before submitting your application. If this is not your account, please sign out and start the application process again.


Email
jnutt367@gmail.com
Required field
Title
Mr.
First Name
Jason
Middle
D
Last Name
Nutt
Suffix
Choose...
Former Name 
 
Primary Phone
4076877889
Secondary Phone
Country
United States
Address 1
557 SHADOW GLENN PL
Address 2
City
Winter Springs
State / Province
Florida
Zip / Postal Code
32708
Willing to relocate
Work Experience 
Patient Service Representative, Spectraforce Technologies 
January 2022 - April 2023
The job entails answering calls for your designated team (I work in specialties) and handling multiple
tasks at the same time.
Anywhere from scheduling and rescheduling appts to sending special requests to the providers, verifying
ALL HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) demographics, medication refill requests
and, to be honest, the most important part of this skillset is the ability to empathize with the caller,
whatever the case may be, and give them the best care that I am able with the training I have received.
Christian Developer, Build My Bible App 
Winter Springs, FL
March 2020 - April 2023
I have fallen in love with building great UIs for any application or website, with plain old CSS3 or through utilizing frameworks and libraries that enable great collaborative potential, scalability, image
optimization, SEO and customization. I earned my first Tech Degree with TeamTreehouse and am hard at work building websites, apps and even simple games for friends and clients alike!


My favorite technologies to build with are javascript/React/Next.js!
I have been build this bible application for a couple years while expanding my knowledge base by self learning and community learning platforms of many kinds, Here is the app that I have been working on!
https://the-word-of-god.vercel.app
 and the Youtube community I have built around it!
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC4jNk2Tms-KNO1h1YOjfRw
My goal is to land a job with a company and expand and grow my knowledge and experience while
improving the lives of those around me.
Education 
Treehouse 
Frontend Web Development Tech Degree, Information Technology, Minor in Computer Science
Rithcie County High School 
High School Diploma
Skills 
Javascript
Advanced
Next.js
Advanced
Reactjs
Advanced
Css
Advanced
Search engine optimization
Advanced
Learning platforms
Advanced
Hipaa
Some Knowledge
Scheduling
Some Knowledge
Healthcare
Some Knowledge
Bootstrap
Some Knowledge
Front-end
Some Knowledge
Git
Some Knowledge
Jquery
Some Knowledge
Json
Some Knowledge
Node.js
Some Knowledge
Xml
Some Knowledge
Ajax
Some Knowledge
Html
Some Knowledge
Computer operations
Some Knowledge
Github
Some Knowledge
User interface
Some Knowledge
Rest
Some Knowledge
Agile
Some Knowledge
Ftp
Some Knowledge
Mongodb
Some Knowledge
Typography
Some Knowledge
Leadership skills
Some Knowledge
Layout design
Some Knowledge
Case management
Some Knowledge
Customer service oriented
Some Knowledge
Retail sales
Some Knowledge
Certifications and licenses found
Some Knowledge
Microsoft excel
Some Knowledge
Behaviors What is your work style? 
DedicatedEnthusiasticInnovativeLoyalDetail Oriented
Motivations What gets you out of bed in the morning? 
Ability to Make an ImpactWork-Life BalanceFinancialGrowth OpportunitiesJob Security
Licenses and Certifications 
Tech Degree from Team Treehouse 
Date Achieved: 09/12/2021
Links 
 The Word of God: Risen, Parables

Documents
Include documents with your application: choose from your previously uploaded documents or upload new ones.

Max 10 attached documents per application.

File NameDocument TypeDescription

 File NameJason-Nutt-resume.pdf

Resume
Description
No file chosen
DOC, DOCX, PDF, JPG or PNG (Max file size 6MB).
Questions
Required field

Were you referred by a current employee?
Yes
No
When can you start? (MM/DD/YYYY)
When can you start?
04
/
30
/
2023
Why do you want to work at Allsup?
After reading about Allsup, I got very excited to hear that you all are a people-centered organization and team that is dedicated to helping people with disabilities lead lives that are as financially secure and healthy as possible. As a father of an adult 21 year old with severe autism, I am really hoping to gain insights and wisdom, while helping those in similar positions as he is in, find the help they may need to thrive in life the best way they are able.
I have been looking for something where I feel I can make a positive influence in people's lives that are not quite able or may need a bit of help. God bless and I hope you find the right hire!


We enjoy working together to make a difference, get the job done, and find solutions for our customers.
3236 characters left
Are you 18 years of age or older?
Yes
No
EEOC - Voluntary Self-Identification Survey
This employer is required to notify all applicants of their rights pursuant to federal labor laws. For further information, please review this notice from the Department of Labor: EEO is the Law poster. You may have additional rights pursuant to recent amendments to federal labor laws. Please review these protections from the EEO is the Law Supplement.

This employer is subject to certain nondiscrimination and/or affirmative action recordkeeping and reporting requirements which require the employer to invite applicants to voluntarily self-identify their race/ethnicity and gender.

Gender
Choose...
I decline to sayGender
Ethnic Origin  
Choose...
I decline to sayEthnic Origin
Veteran Status
This employer is a Government contractor required to take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment protected veterans pursuant to the Vietnam Era veterans' Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, as amended by the Jobs for Veterans Act of 2002. Government contractors are required to take affirmative action to employ and advance veterans in employment: 1. Disabled veterans; 2. Recently separated veterans; 3. Active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans; and 4. Armed Forces service medal veterans. We are also required to submit an annual report to the U.S. Department of Labor identifying the number of our employees belonging to each specified -protected veteran- category.

Submission of this information is voluntary and refusal to provide it will not subject you to any adverse treatment. The information provided will be used only in ways that are not inconsistent with the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974, as amended. The information you submit will be kept confidential and may only be used in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations.

Are you a protected veteran?
Choose...
I decline to sayAre you a protected veteran?
Voluntary Self-Identification of Disability
Form CC-305
Page 1 of 1
OMB Control Number 1250-0005
Expires 05/31/2023
Your Name
Date
04/30/2023
Employee ID: (if applicable)
 Why are you being asked to complete this form?

We are a federal contractor or subcontractor required by law to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We are also required to measure our progress toward having at least 7% of our workforce be individuals with disabilities. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had a disability. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we ask all of our employees to update their information at least every five years.

Identifying yourself as an individual with a disability is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer will be maintained confidentially and not be seen by selecting officials or anyone else involved in making personnel decisions. Completing the form will not negatively impact you in any way, regardless of whether you have self-identified in the past. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors under Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.

 How do you know if you have a disability?

You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. Disabilities include, but are not limited to:

Autism
Autoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, or HIV/AIDS
Blind or low vision
Cancer
Cardiovascular or heart disease
Celiac disease
Cerebral Palsy
Deaf or hard of hearing
Depression or anxiety
Diabetes
Epilepsy
Gastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, or irritable bowel syndrome
Intellectual disability
Missing limbs or partially missing limbs
Nervous system condition for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson's disease, or Multiple sclerosis (MS)
Psychiatric condition, for example, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD, or major depression
Please choose one of the options below:
 Yes, I Have A Disability, Or Have A History/Record Of Having A Disability
 No, I Don't Have A Disability, Or A History/Record Of Having A Disability
 I Don't Wish To Answer
